Ra.  Kothari  Pakar,  Daedaicha,  Judge.  Dhule.2.  Date  of  filing  the  petition
Question  R.2  Do  you  understand  the  details  of  crime?
Criminal  Magistrate  Patham  Gar,  Dhule.(Nakakalak  R.4)ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿ.
4.  Address  of  the  accused
Question  R.1  Why  did  you  get  a  paper  sheet?
Accused's  signature /  thumb  print ÿ  -  Government  of  MaharashtraSection  251  of  the  Criminal  Procedure  Code
Section  66  (1) /  192  of  the  Criminal  Procedure  Code.
Question  3:  Do  you  have  confessed  to  the  crime?-  ÿÿ.ÿÿ.ÿÿÿÿ  
Where  is  G.P.
ÿÿÿÿÿÿÿ  –  ÿÿ.ÿÿ.ÿÿÿÿ  1.  Date  of  the  crime  scene
ÿ  -  ÿÿ  ÿÿ,  ÿÿÿÿ  -  ÿÿÿÿ,
Answer  -  yes.
(Acharya  M.  Jagap)---------------   No.  Fau.  B.  And.  2791/2019
-  Dhaniraj  Nanabhau  Paul,
Accused's  statement  -(A)  is  a  crime. .Dhule  Kethi  Nakkadadhakari  Patham  Gar  (Nakakalak  R.4)  Dhule  Kanche  Nakakalakari
Excuse  me  -  Depur  Police  Station,
Answer  -  yes.ÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿÿ.  ÿÿÿÿ-ÿÿ-ÿÿÿ-ÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ  ÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿÿ  ÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿ  
ÿÿ  ÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ  ÿÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ  ÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿÿÿ  
Samak,-  ÿÿ.ÿÿ.ÿÿÿÿ  
Answer  -  yes.3.  No  address  below
Details  of  the  crime  -Machine Translated by GoogleThe  accused  appeared  before  the  court  today.  Accused  Takachakradhad
Samak,
-  Cash  Magistrate  Patham  Nagar  (Nakakal  No.4)  washed  up.(Acharya  M.  Jagap)The  snakes  of  the  criminals  were  read  in  Marathi.  The  accused  confessed  to  the  crime.
-  ÿÿ.ÿÿ.ÿÿÿÿ  
Skarri/-According  to  the  accused.  Asalka's  plea  has  been  filed  after  confessing  to  the  crime  as  per  02.
Criminal  Magistrate  Patham  Gar,  Dhule.(Nakakalak  R.4)The  accused  has  succumbed  to  any  pressure  and  confessed  to  the  crime.
Shorthand  (Category-3)Convinced.  So  I  have  passed  the  order  as  follows
Accused  Dhanraj  Nanabhau  Pail  Cars  Mor  Vehicle  Kakda  Kalam
ÿÿÿÿÿÿÿ  –  ÿÿ.ÿÿ.ÿÿÿÿ  ÿ  ÿÿ  ÿ  
According  to  66(1)/192(a)  Criminal  Code  Code  pen  252  marks  2000 /  -  Rs.
Pamanpat
Date  of  shorthand  Author  Date  of  
uploading  PDF  file.I  will  review  this  PDF.  The  wording  in  the  text  is  the  same  as  the  original  command.
-  ÿÿÿ.ÿ.  ÿÿÿÿÿ  sculptor
If  the  accused  does  not  pay  the  fine,  he  will  be  fined  Rs.-  2  -  Machine Translated by Google